hey folks this is Kalani going to be
showing you how to form a co to run or
crypt of the ancient run this run is
particularly favorable for farming
experience especially at Paragon level
or fruit boosting low-level tunes so we
need is act one quest six the broken
blade and you want to take talk to
Alaric go ahead and start your game
when you're in game i'm going to say the
waypoint to drown temple head down talk
to Alaric skip all the dialogue and
we're heading into the festering woods
the run takes a little bit to set up but
after that you teleport straight to the
Crypt so we'll never have to run this
again now when you're in the crypt
essentially the run is killing
everything in here now you've got two
choices when it comes to elites you can
either burn through them if you're
capable or you can skip them entirely
what people tend to do for a Crip to the
ancients run is skip the elites and put
it onto a torment difficulty where they
can kill all the non elites but not
necessarily the elites and just skip
over them that gives you the highest
experience from this run so with
everything dead all you got to do is
leave the game resumed for a fresh
scripts of the Ancients take your town
portal back to crip to the ancients and
clear it again to your heart's content
and that's literally it this is probably
some of the the best experience simply
due to the mob density down here if you
crank it up to atomic level where you
can handle the non elites and skip the
elites you just blazed through Paragon
levels you really do gran mind you also
get more experience the high atomic
level you go and it's better to do this
in a group now as I say it's not really
for loot and it's more for experience
but you can get a lucky drop or two so
it's nice either way but that is a crypt
of the Ancients run so thanks for
watching folks you're looking at fun and
as always I will see you next time
you